**Always be vigilant about safety and security!**  

**Always backup your keys:** We do not have access to, nor do we store, your keys to the tokens or funds you have on our software. No data leaves your computer/phone/browser. We only provide a service to make it easy for users to create, save and access information that is needed to interact with the blockchain. It is your responsibility to securely store and backup your keys.  

**We are not responsible for any loss:** The Zilliqa blockchain as well as the software are under active development. There is always the possibility of something unexpected happening that causes your tokens or funds to be lost. Please do not use the software for more than what you are willing to lose, and please be careful. By using the software, you agree that each of *OpenZesame* (seller name in App Store for the corporation *Alexander Cyon Consulting AB* registered in Sweden) and *Zilliqa Research Pte Ltd*. assume no responsibility or liability for any error, omission, delay, damages, costs, loss or expense (together "Losses") incurred by you from the use of the software. You acknowledge that you may suffer a Loss from the use of the software and that the use of the software is at your own risk.  

**MIT License**
Copyright (c) 2018-2022 OpenZesame
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions: The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.
**THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.**
